Sounds of nature
Just never heard such a sound
Have you heard such beautiful music?
That sounds pretty good.
Brilliant! What kind of instrument is this?
Although the shape is strange
But the melody is elegant
Income Teana
Hmm miracle
It's just a coincidence
Ugly
Dare to ask the thirteenth prince what kind of musical instrument is this?
My name is piano.
If the princess likes it
I gave the piano and sheet music to the princess
Thank you, Your Highness
End of the first round
For the second round, please write poems with snow
Uh, grass and trees are moving snakes
The warmth of old tree roots
Money is buried in deep snow
The smelly house has flowers blooming
This poem is like a joke
Hahaha, that sucks.
What the hell?
Ice under the bridge
Stranger people go to extremes
Xiao Shu Lou Pavilion
I see Tianshan snow
OK
The monarch is good
There are also thirteenth princes
Dare to ask my father-in-law, this snow is Guling Snow's snow
Or the snow in the sky
Same with snow
What difference could it make?
The thirteenth brother pretends to be a ghost
If there are no ingredients
Just get off
Princess, what do you think?
Both